#
### General
#
workspace $w_0 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_1 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_2 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_3 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_4 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_5 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_6 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_7 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_8 output $displays_internal
workspace $w_9 output $displays_internal
# firefox
workspace $w_firefox output $displays_internal
assign [app_id="firefox"] → workspace $w_firefox

#
### External
#
workspace $w_ext0 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext1 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext2 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext3 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext4 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext5 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext6 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext7 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext8 output $displays_external
workspace $w_ext9 output $displays_external

#
### Media
#
# spotify
workspace $w_spotify output $displays_internal
assign [class="Spotify" instance="spotify"] → workspace $w_spotify
# vimiv
workspace $w_vimiv output $displays_internal
assign [app_id="vimiv"] → workspace $w_vimiv
# mpv
workspace $w_mpv output $displays_internal
assign [app_id="mpv"] → → workspace $w_mpv

#
### Social
#
# discord
workspace $w_discord output $displays_internal
assign [class="discord"] → workspace $w_discord
# signal
workspace $w_signal output $displays_internal
assign [class="Signal"] → workspace $w_signal
# element
workspace $w_element output $displays_internal
assign [class="Element" instance="element"] → workspace $w_element
